My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose until
We reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Good morning, vice principal.
Oh, is this your car?
It's a Cresta. A white Cresta.
It was delivered today.
This form has such dignity!
The white color,
so pure and untouchable!
I won't leave you for the rest of
my life. You will always be with me.
Oh, my Cresta!
Hi! I haven't seen you
in a while, vice principal.
Could you move?
I need to bring my stuff in.
Your stuff?
Oh, you are here early, Onizuka-kun.
I'll take you to your room.
What are you talking about,
Principal?
Starting today, Onizuka-kun will--
--live on campus. That was
the requirement for employment.
What?
-Who is that?
-What is that load of stuff?
Those stares are annoying me.
Hey, you. Come over here.
I....
I'm telling you to come here.
Yes, sir.
Give me a hand.
Both of my hands are full
and I can't pick it up.
Yes, sir.
No, not that!
I don't want anyone
touching this pillow.
Do you mind taking that to my room?
Where is my room?
-Here. This is it.
-This?
This is just a storage room!
Isn't it a nice penthouse?
Don't be late
for the opening ceremony.
I knew it was too good to be true.
They were gonna hire me
and provide housing.
I was completely cheated.
What are you doing?
When I'm so depressed.
Well, I just wondered
what kind of games you had.
You like games?
Well, yes.
Are you into fighting
and shooting stuff?
Yeah, but I like simulation
and RPG games better.
Then, have you played this?
Oh, Wild Arms.
I have already finished it.
I beg of you,
honorable deputy officer!
I have not been able to finish
this game. Please help me!
That's fine.
Thank you very much!
May I have your name?
Noboru Yoshikawa.
Honorable Yoshikawa!
I beg for your instruction.
CHAIRPERSON'S OFFICE
I don't understand why we need
to welcome him as a faculty member!
Can't you rethink your decision?
Don't you think you might
have misunderstood him?
Like that incident at the interview.
He didn't have any choice. He was
trying to save you from those kids.
At least, that's how
it appeared to me.
-I don't think....
-I almost forgot.
Onizuka
These are the manuscripts
to introduce new teachers.
Anyway, his employment is final.
So that guy is a faculty member.
What a shame.
I see.
She is so sly!
He will take over that class.
I see.
HOLY FOREST ACADEMY
The ceremony will commence.
All students must convene
in the gym as soon as possible.
So you are going to live on campus?
Yes. Please come visit me.
You can be happy for just
a little while, Eikichi Onizuka.
Next, I will introduce
our new teachers.
Eikichi Onizuka-sensei.
That guy!
He will teach social studies
to the middle school...
...and will be the homeroom teacher
for Class 3-4.
Class 3-4.
You mean, the former 2-4!
I can't believe they're forcing
that on a new teacher.
Hi. I am Eikichi Onizuka,
22 years old.
I will be the homeroom teacher
for middle school, Class 3-4--
Middle school?! I'm in charge
of middle school students?
Wait a minute!
I was told I'd be teaching high school.
I demand an explanation, Xavier!
Hey, all of you. Be quiet!
Onizuka-sensei, the microphone!
What? What about the microphone?
-What's with him?
-Dyed hair and pierced ears.
-Is he allowed to be a teacher?
-Could he be fake?
I heard you! You think I'm fake?
I'll show you proof!
This is my teaching certificate!
My teaching certificate!
It's still good, right? If I use tape,
it will still be valid, right?
Quiet! Quiet!
How much do you want to ridicule me?
You are a teacher! You aren't
even aware you're a teacher!
What's with your blond hair
and pierced ears?
The thought of someone like you
reporting to me...
...is unacceptable!
No matter what it takes,
I will kick you out of this school!
Onizuka-kun, don't be discouraged.
Everyone makes mistakes.
What did you say?
Weren't you listening
to the vice principal?
Teachers' preachings all sound...
...pretty much the same.
I am shocked about not
being a high school teacher.
My plan was to be surrounded
by high school girls.
My life was going to be so rosy.
But I'm in charge of
immature middle school kids.
I heard a little earlier...
...that your homeroom, Class 3-4....
Rumor says it is the worst,
most problematic class...
...in this school's history.
What kind of problems can
middle school students cause?
Something like this?
Or this.
Or, at most, this.
I really don't know much about it.
Leave it to me!
I'm used to that kind of stuff.
If you take control at the beginning,
the rest is easy!
I guess I'll go impress them!
The worst class
in this school's history.
Interesting. Very interesting!
If they act that way, I have
my own way of dealing with it.
Starting today, I will be your teacher.
I'm Great Teacher Onizuka.
Thank you for cooperating!
Teacher, it's smoky.
Sorry, sorry.
Teacher, please put the cigarette butt
in the ashtray.
Teacher, please take attendance.
Is this the right class?
Akiyama.
Aizawa.
Asano.
Iijima.
Izumi.
It's you! The game kid, Yoshioka!
I didn't know you were in this class.
Let's have fun, Yoshimura.
No, was it Yoshihara?
Yoshida! Yoshinaga!
I got it, it's Yoshikawa!
You are the god of games,
Yoshikawa-kun!
Give me a lesson after school.
Ogaki.
Oshima.
To celebrate a new school year, we are
gathered here under a cherry tree.
So, Onizuka-sensei, how was your class?
They were kind of quiet.
It was a letdown.
I've just found out about the former
homeroom teacher of that class.
Her name is Kazumi Kahara.
Wow! She is really pretty!
Where is she now?
In a hospital.
This is the picture of her...now.
What is this?
Bulimia caused by stress.
Gosh, what a waste!
She was so pretty.
Even before Ms. Kahara...
...two teachers who were
in charge of that class resigned...
...due to psychological stress.
Onizuka-sensei, please be careful.
-It won't do any good to worry.
-Cheers!
What? We haven't toasted yet.
Don't worry, don't worry.
The vice principal always talks a long
time. Here. I'm Sannomaru.
Thank you. I'm Onizuka.
Cheers.
At least I have my bed secured.
I will do the rest little by little.
I'm going to bed now.
I never imagined
I would be living on campus.
I wonder what
that chairwoman is up to.
So quiet. School at night....
Shit! I should have been brave enough
to invite Fuyutsuki over!
Onizuka-kun,
I've never done it before.
Please be gentle.
You too.
Azusa!
What? I guess
I'm just hearing things.
Anyway, I'm the only one
here in the school building.
Am I just hearing things?
What was it?
A school building at night
means horror stories!
I wonder if what appears
in this school is....
I wonder if the problems surrounding
Class 3-4 are ghosts or something.
Don't tell me
that chairwoman hired me...
...as a potential ghostbuster.
Don't mock me, you ghosts.
The Honorable Eikichi Onizuka
will not be scared!
This is Great Teacher Onizuka.
I've come to bust you guys.
Bad spirits!
Hey, wait! Wait!
My treasure!
An underwear thief!
You scared me.
What would I do if someone saw us?
Who would come to a locker room
in a school at night?
It's just us.
You are probably right. Stop!
Don't flash the light underneath.
You'll see inside.
Come on.
-Someone is there!
-Who's there?
I'm just a teacher.
You are so rude to show up
at such a place.
Excuse me.
See you!
So late at night. Cool off.
Ghosts are such dumb things.
Don't forget to shut it.
Goodbye
"Goodbye."
Blood!? It can't be!
It's open. Didn't I shut it?
I'm sure I did.
There it is! There it is!
Teacher....
Teacher?
Yoshikawa!
Is that you?
What are you doing there?
Don't come any closer!
I can't....
I can't stand it anymore.
Moron
I'm going to kill myself.
Don't be a fool!
Don't rush into it! It will hurt!
Your guts and brain would
splatter everywhere!
-My brain?
-Yep! Your brain, splatter!
If you don't want that,
stay right there.
Good. You are doing great.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
My dear Cresta.
I'm so sorry.
I can't drive you home tonight.
I had too much to drink.
But starting tomorrow
we will be together.
Don't do it, Yoshikawa!
Good. Stay still. Stay still.
That hurt. Hey, are you okay?
Are you hurt anywhere?
Hey, Yoshikawa!
This might be a little too big
for you. But wear these home.
If you get beat up,
you should beat them up!
Who did this to you?
Someone in our class?
I can't say. If I tell you,
I'll get beaten even worse.
If people find out
I got beaten up by a girl--
A girl?
See? You think it is dumb too.
How do you think
I can tell my parents?
Wow, it's a nice-looking house.
Where is your room?
That window on the third floor.
-Do you have any siblings?
-No.
Good.
It's locked.
What are you doing? Come up.
Do you want your parents to find out?
So this is your room.
Wow, what an amazing collection
of games! Is this all yours?
Nothing else to do.
I don't have friends.
What are you doing?
-I will give it back to you at school.
-It's okay. You can borrow it.
What? Are you sure? Hurray!
Then, this and this and this....
What made you decide to be a teacher?
I wonder what it was....
-You became a teacher for no reason?
-Hey, shut up! Why do you care?
If I have to have a reason....
I thought it would be fun.
Fun? School?
If students bring porn magazines,
I can confiscate them.
I can go on school trips.
Then there are plenty of summer
and winter vacations.
Well, it's how you look at it.
Even this window, it has become
a secret loophole with a trick.
I'm gonna get going. You come up
with a good excuse for this.
-Thanks.
-Sure.
Can I come visit you in your room?
Come anytime.
Come to my secret base.
Secret base? Do you think
you're a superhero or something?
I'm a defender of justice.
Justice
Hey, teacher.
Will school become fun for me too?
Sure, it will.
I will make school
interesting for you.
I heard that teacher, Onizuka...
...saved a student
from committing suicide.
Poor vice principal.
It was delivered only yesterday.
Vice principal!
This is....
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
PREVIEW
What is this?!
I must expel him from this school!
Bastard, bastard, bastard, bastard!
What a pervert, Onizuka!
I didn't think you liked
this kind of thing!
I will get revenge for this.